OLS-4 call for application related updates (#294)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: _includes/ols-4-timeline.md

> - **June 15, 2021**: Call for Application opens, see the [guideline and template](https://github.com/open-life-science/application-forms)

Author: ```suggestion
- **June 15, 2021**: Call for Application opens, see the [guidelines and templates](https://github.com/open-life-science/application-forms)
```
